security hey what's going on guys hope
you're having a cooler Tuesday my
girlfriend has left me not for good she
just had to go back home she stayed for
like four days though so that was pretty
cool like I see her for a while but yeah
I just made some really questionable
gamin pepper steak so a mouse feeling a
little bit hot and I don't know maybe
I'll give food poisoning because I am
just a terrible frickin chef my cooking
goes about as far as toast and maybe a
pot noodle and that's about it my
cooking skills are yeah i really i would
love to be good cook but i'm just very
impatient and and burn things oh dear
but yeah so today I've got some pistol
only gameplay for you guys today or I go
41 and 10 which I was really pleased
with a thing that's a really respectable
score with a pistol maybe too many
deaths but I really don't care if people
die it's not about the KD it's about
excitement I don't care if you got 100
kills and you got 20 deaths or if you
got 10 deaths or five deaths to be
honest I want to see you going balls
deep into the Rue de jour jojojojo spawn
and doing your thing that's that's what
I like it a game play anyway it's not
really it's not all about KD for me but
anyway just justifying my gameplay there
I this pistols actually really good it's
very underrated it's the tac-45 most
people use that three round burst I
called their Africa I know it's not
called that that's my call it because
it's fucking good pistol but you know
what so is this a view of a good trigger
finger this is a very consistent three
shot kill many ranges and I think it
only goes up to a four-shot a long range
maybe 5 i'm not sure that's just how it
feels anyway I feel like I can actually
pick people off a lot wrong with Lala a
long range which is nice because the
guns in this game are so good it's nice
to have a secondary which you can pull
out save your sniping or something or
shotgunning and it's just it's a really
cool gun it's really fun i recommend you
use it i think it sounds really cool as
well but i don't think it looks like
crow but you know coolants aside it's
fun gun to use and i definitely
recommend you try it i reckon i probably
got a bunch of perks on um for this
since i don't need the primary because i
was going pistol only like it was
deliberate was on purpose
and it was really good fun I'm surprised
how well I didn't I was actually
inspired to do this by two bidar frags
who is a pc gamer and if you've never
watched pc gaming before i really
recommend that you do it's it's awesome
to watch because the because of the
mouse and keyboard and the fluidity and
allene it's really fast paced and really
fun to watch it's like they're playing
on like five million hundred sensitivity
but they have pinpoint accuracy well if
you know if you're a good pc player and
it's really cool so my favorite players
are tbnrfrags a sergeant named enigma
what's his name Pro dragon or something
is a PC name is fantasy and he's amazing
play out I'll try give some links for
you guys to watch I don't know a few you
guys want to click them are not but i'll
try if I can remember to put some links
to some of my favorite pc gameplay
because you know what I probably play pc
if I had if I had a good enough computer
my laptop is really fucking shit
terrible I don't even know what the
graphics card is but it cannot handle
even called for which is what I i would
have loved have played some pro mod you
know but I couldn't and I I definitely
play pc if i coud I don't know if I'd
switch over from console cuz it would
take me a long time to get greedy pc
thanks take years of practice whereas
consoles lot more easier to pick up and
play but you know pc games really cool
and I admire those guys link those guys
are very skilled and talented or what
they do and it looks like a good time so
I'm jealous of ubs tense but I'm
actually really excited for my channel
at the moment I have so many gameplays
and I don't know if that's because I
need to up my standards a little bit but
I've been going ham in the shotgun
sniper and you're probably not gonna see
much rag gun gameplay from me anymore
and part of what I'm talking about
things where the gameplay isn't
important a throw of a rag gun gameplay
but the shotgun sniper is by far my
favorite south and I won't talk about it
too much in this video because it's not
a shotgun sniper gameplay but you should
look forward to see some of them even
some competitive game plays with a
shotgun sniper setup which i think is
really cool but yeah so the pistol any
tips I don't know just shoot as fast as
you can and hope that you kill them
that's pretty much all you can do the
fire rate is capped pretty high if it is
capped at all do you believe it is so
you can shoot really quickly if you have
a trigger finger I have a really good
trigger finger well
really good trigger finger because I
play claw if you don't know what Klaus
it's basically where I shoot with my
middle finger and my my index finger
wrapped around so I can use my face
buttons that's why my movement is really
fluid and and I can jump and and do
crazy stuff and aww I've messed up there
I thought I killed him so I turned away
in my street could have been a lot
better if I had killed her b goode
dermot Yoon there was questionable
garments it gonna haunt you forever I
don't know why bringing up that gammon
stakes do you call it gammon in America
or just ham I'll leave that in the
comments below and I would like your
comments let me know if you liked it's
unorthodox gameplays or what you want to
see you want to see more shotgun Snipes
because you ganna and without further
ado oh by the way follow me on twitter
if you want to play with me I do like
playing in a party I tweet when I'm
playing on Twitter so if you follow me
on twitter if that's your best bet for
trying to flaming me free if we can't
add each other on xbox live but anyway
my name is you and I hope you have
enjoyed this video please leave your
ratings comments of what you thought and
if you liked it or not and I'll see you
all next time right why why do I say
like that bye ciao